README.md, before:

# Companies founded by ex-GitHubbers

All entries are alphabetized – including by first name when there are multiple founders.

## Active

| Company                                           | Founding ex-GitHubber(s)                                                                                                                                                                   | Description                                                                                                      |
|---------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Abbot](https://ab.bot)                           | [Paul Nakata](https://github.com/pmn), [Phil Haack](https://github.com/haacked)                                                                                                            | Abbot is a programmable smart assistant who works alongside you in your team chat and helps you get things done. |
| [Blackmill](https://blackmill.co)                 | [Lachlan Hardy](https://github.com/lachlanhardy)                                                                                                                                           | Building stronger technology teams, leaders, and cultures to drive business goals.                               |
| [Bytewax](https://bytewax.io)                     | [Zander Matheson](https://github.com/awmatheson)                                                                                                                                           | Stream processing purely in Python.                                                                              |
| [Campsite](https://www.campsite.design)           | [Brian Lovin](https://github.com/brianlovin), [Ryan Nystrom](https://github.com/rnystrom)                                                                                                  | Where teams share prototypes.                                                                                    |
| [Cased](https://cased.com)                        | [Ben Bleikamp](https://github.com/bleikamp), [Bryan Byrne](https://github.com/irishbryan), [Garrett Bjerkhoel](https://github.com/dewski), [Ted Nyman](https://github.com/tnm)             | The open source, enterprise-ready tool for production work.                                                      |
| [Chatterbug](https://chatterbug.com)              | [Liz Clinkenbeard](https://github.com/lizclink), [Russell Belfer](https://github.com/arrbee), [Tom Preston-Werner](https://github.com/mojombo), [Scott Chacon](https://github.com/schacon) | Chatterbug helps you learn languages from real people.                                                           |
| [Crux](https://cruxapp.ca)                        | [Nathaniel Woodthorpe](https://github.com/d12)                                                                                                                                             | Find beta, track progress, & share sends.                                                                        |
| [ércule](https://ercule.co)                       | [Justin Dunham](https://github.com/riboflavin), [Ashley McClelland](https://github.com/ashumz)                                                                                             | Get control of your SEO, content strategy, and analytics.                                                        |
| [Fancy Bits](https://https://getchannels.com/)    | [Aman Karmani](tmm1), [Jon Maddox](https://github.com/maddox)                                                                                                                              | Watch TV Your Way.                                                                                               |
| [Fimio](https://fimio.xyz)                        | [Omoju Miller](https://github.com/omoju)                                                                                                                                                   | ML-Powered trust enhancing developer tools for Web3.                                                             |
| [Holopin](https://www.holopin.io)                 | [Elena Lape](https://github.com/elenalape)                                                                                                                                                 | Digital badges, but actually cool.                                                                               |
| [Lopai Cellars](https://lopaicellars.com)         | [Brian Lopez](https://github.com/brianmario)                                                                                                                                               | Winery and vineyard in the Willow Creek district of the Paso Robles AVA. Brian's dad is the winemaker.           |
| [Null](https://null.com)                          | [Chris Wanstrath](https://github.com/defunkt)                                                                                                                                              | Null publishes fine indie games.                                                                                 |
| [Open Sauced](https://opensauced.pizza)           | [Brian Douglas](https://github.com/bdougie)                                                                                                                                                | Your next open source journey starts here.                                                                       |
| [Pierre](https://pierre.co)                       | [Mark Otto](https://github.com/mdo)                                                                                                                                                        | Reimagining industry-old primitives for a new developer platform.                                                |
| [Pincites](https://www.pincites.com/)             | [Grey Baker](https://github.com/greysteil), [Mariam Sulakian](https://github.com/15MariamS) | Close deals faster with AI for contract negotiation |
| [Raise.dev](https://raise.dev)                    | [John Britton](https://github.com/johndbritton), [Mike McQuaid](https://www.github.com/mikemcquaid), [Vanessa Gennarelli](https://www.github.com/mozzadrella)                              | Take your IoT project from prototype to production.                                                              |
| [Reify](https://www.reifyworks.com)               | [Brian Doll](https://github.com/briandoll)                                                                                                                                                 | Great marketing starts with your story.                                                                          |
| [Rewatch](https://rewatch.com)                    | [Connor Sears](https://github.com/connors), [Scott Goldman](https://github.com/scottjg)                                                                                                    | Video that empowers your entire team.                                                                            |
| [Sentry](https://sentry.io)                       | [Chris Jennings](https://github.com/ckj)                                                                                                                                                   | Working Code, Happy Customers.                                                                                   |
| [Shades](https://shades.news)                     | [Julio Avalos](https://github.com/hoolio)                                                                                                                                                  | shades fills you in, your opinion & culture app.                                                                 |
| [Shareup](https://shareup.app)                    | [Nathan Herald](https://github.com/myobie)                                                                                                                                                 | Effortlessly transfer files, send important links and share documents. All end-to-end encrypted.                 |
| [Supernormal](https://supernormal.com)            | [Fabian Perez](https://github.com/fabianperez)                                                                                                                                             | Supernormal helps you create amazing meeting notes without lifting a finger.                                     |
| [Stellate](https://stellate.co)                   | [Max Stoiber](https://github.com/mxstbr)                                                                                                                                                   | Your GraphQL API. Blazing fast and reliable.                                                                     |
| [Vaya Consulting](https://www.vayaconsulting.com) | [Nicole Sanchez](https://github.com/nmsanchez)                                                                                                                                             | People Management for a Changing Workforce.                                                                      |
| [Zed](https://zed.dev)                            | [Nathan Sobo](https://github.com/nathansobo)                                                                                                                                               | Code at the speed of thought.                                                                                    |

## Coming soon

| Company                                    | Founding ex-GitHubber(s)                                                                                                                    | Description                          |
|--------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| [GroundControl](https://groundcontrol.sh/) | [Alberto Gimeno](https://github.com/gimenete)                                                                                               | Feature flags for the rest of us     |
| [WorkOn](https://workon.co)                | [Zach Holman](https://github.com/holman)                                                                                                    | Working on it.                       |
| [Yetto](https://yetto.app)                 | [Brian Levine](https://github.com/balevine), [Garen Torikian](https://github.com/gjtorikian), [Nick Cannariato](https://github.com/birdcar) | Your help desk should help you, too. |
| [Zipper](https://www.zipper.works)         | [Sachin Ranchod](https://github.com/sachinr)                                                                                                |                                      |

## No longer involved or moved on

| Company                          | Founding ex-GitHubber(s)                     | Description                                                                                        |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Operable](http://operable.io)   | [Mark Imbriaco](https://github.com/imbriaco) | Bringing the power of the command line to chat                                                     |
| [嘖嘖 Zeczec](https://www.zeczec.com) | [Mu-An Chiou](https://github.com/muan)       | Taiwan's first and largest crowdfunding platform. Established 2011. |

Commit message:

Add Nuanced & update Raise.dev to Workbrew

README.md, after:

# Companies founded by ex-GitHubbers

All entries are alphabetized – including by first name when there are multiple founders.

## Active

| Company                                           | Founding ex-GitHubber(s)                                                                                                                                                                   | Description                                                                                                      |
|---------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Abbot](https://ab.bot)                           | [Paul Nakata](https://github.com/pmn), [Phil Haack](https://github.com/haacked)                                                                                                            | Abbot is a programmable smart assistant who works alongside you in your team chat and helps you get things done. |
| [Blackmill](https://blackmill.co)                 | [Lachlan Hardy](https://github.com/lachlanhardy)                                                                                                                                           | Building stronger technology teams, leaders, and cultures to drive business goals.                               |
| [Bytewax](https://bytewax.io)                     | [Zander Matheson](https://github.com/awmatheson)                                                                                                                                           | Stream processing purely in Python.                                                                              |
| [Campsite](https://www.campsite.design)           | [Brian Lovin](https://github.com/brianlovin), [Ryan Nystrom](https://github.com/rnystrom)                                                                                                  | Where teams share prototypes.                                                                                    |
| [Cased](https://cased.com)                        | [Ben Bleikamp](https://github.com/bleikamp), [Bryan Byrne](https://github.com/irishbryan), [Garrett Bjerkhoel](https://github.com/dewski), [Ted Nyman](https://github.com/tnm)             | The open source, enterprise-ready tool for production work.                                                      |
| [Chatterbug](https://chatterbug.com)              | [Liz Clinkenbeard](https://github.com/lizclink), [Russell Belfer](https://github.com/arrbee), [Tom Preston-Werner](https://github.com/mojombo), [Scott Chacon](https://github.com/schacon) | Chatterbug helps you learn languages from real people.                                                           |
| [Crux](https://cruxapp.ca)                        | [Nathaniel Woodthorpe](https://github.com/d12)                                                                                                                                             | Find beta, track progress, & share sends.                                                                        |
| [ércule](https://ercule.co)                       | [Justin Dunham](https://github.com/riboflavin), [Ashley McClelland](https://github.com/ashumz)                                                                                             | Get control of your SEO, content strategy, and analytics.                                                        |
| [Fancy Bits](https://https://getchannels.com/)    | [Aman Karmani](tmm1), [Jon Maddox](https://github.com/maddox)                                                                                                                              | Watch TV Your Way.                                                                                               |
| [Fimio](https://fimio.xyz)                        | [Omoju Miller](https://github.com/omoju)                                                                                                                                                   | ML-Powered trust enhancing developer tools for Web3.                                                             |
| [Holopin](https://www.holopin.io)                 | [Elena Lape](https://github.com/elenalape)                                                                                                                                                 | Digital badges, but actually cool.                                                                               |
| [Lopai Cellars](https://lopaicellars.com)         | [Brian Lopez](https://github.com/brianmario)                                                                                                                                               | Winery and vineyard in the Willow Creek district of the Paso Robles AVA. Brian's dad is the winemaker.           |
| [Nuanced](https://www.nuanced.dev) | [Ayman Nadeem](https://github.com/aymannadeem) | Detecting Authenticity in the age of AI |
| [Null](https://null.com)                          | [Chris Wanstrath](https://github.com/defunkt)                                                                                                                                              | Null publishes fine indie games.                                                                                 |
| [Open Sauced](https://opensauced.pizza)           | [Brian Douglas](https://github.com/bdougie)                                                                                                                                                | Your next open source journey starts here.                                                                       |
| [Pierre](https://pierre.co)                       | [Mark Otto](https://github.com/mdo)                                                                                                                                                        | Reimagining industry-old primitives for a new developer platform.                                                |
| [Pincites](https://www.pincites.com/)             | [Grey Baker](https://github.com/greysteil), [Mariam Sulakian](https://github.com/15MariamS) | Close deals faster with AI for contract negotiation |
| [Reify](https://www.reifyworks.com)               | [Brian Doll](https://github.com/briandoll)                                                                                                                                                 | Great marketing starts with your story.                                                                          |
| [Rewatch](https://rewatch.com)                    | [Connor Sears](https://github.com/connors), [Scott Goldman](https://github.com/scottjg)                                                                                                    | Video that empowers your entire team.                                                                            |
| [Sentry](https://sentry.io)                       | [Chris Jennings](https://github.com/ckj)                                                                                                                                                   | Working Code, Happy Customers.                                                                                   |
| [Shades](https://shades.news)                     | [Julio Avalos](https://github.com/hoolio)                                                                                                                                                  | shades fills you in, your opinion & culture app.                                                                 |
| [Shareup](https://shareup.app)                    | [Nathan Herald](https://github.com/myobie)                                                                                                                                                 | Effortlessly transfer files, send important links and share documents. All end-to-end encrypted.                 |
| [Supernormal](https://supernormal.com)            | [Fabian Perez](https://github.com/fabianperez)                                                                                                                                             | Supernormal helps you create amazing meeting notes without lifting a finger.                                     |
| [Stellate](https://stellate.co)                   | [Max Stoiber](https://github.com/mxstbr)                                                                                                                                                   | Your GraphQL API. Blazing fast and reliable.                                                                     |
| [Vaya Consulting](https://www.vayaconsulting.com) | [Nicole Sanchez](https://github.com/nmsanchez)                                                                                                                                             | People Management for a Changing Workforce.                                                                      |
| [Workbrew](https://workbrew.com)                    | [John Britton](https://github.com/johndbritton), [Mike McQuaid](https://www.github.com/mikemcquaid), [Vanessa Gennarelli](https://www.github.com/mozzadrella)                              | The missing features and support for companies using Homebrew.                                                              |
| [Zed](https://zed.dev)                            | [Nathan Sobo](https://github.com/nathansobo)                                                                                                                                               | Code at the speed of thought.                                                                                    |

## Coming soon

| Company                                    | Founding ex-GitHubber(s)                                                                                                                    | Description                          |
|--------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| [GroundControl](https://groundcontrol.sh/) | [Alberto Gimeno](https://github.com/gimenete)                                                                                               | Feature flags for the rest of us     |
| [WorkOn](https://workon.co)                | [Zach Holman](https://github.com/holman)                                                                                                    | Working on it.                       |
| [Yetto](https://yetto.app)                 | [Brian Levine](https://github.com/balevine), [Garen Torikian](https://github.com/gjtorikian), [Nick Cannariato](https://github.com/birdcar) | Your help desk should help you, too. |
| [Zipper](https://www.zipper.works)         | [Sachin Ranchod](https://github.com/sachinr)                                                                                                |                                      |

## No longer involved or moved on

| Company                          | Founding ex-GitHubber(s)                     | Description                                                                                        |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Operable](http://operable.io)   | [Mark Imbriaco](https://github.com/imbriaco) | Bringing the power of the command line to chat                                                     |
| [嘖嘖 Zeczec](https://www.zeczec.com) | [Mu-An Chiou](https://github.com/muan)       | Taiwan's first and largest crowdfunding platform. Established 2011. |
